Add workshop's informal dinner on 24.09 (#457)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/community/precice-workshop-2024.md

The 5th preCICE Workshop will be held in [Pfaffenwaldring 5A](https://maps.app.goo.gl/PmpURsjfKTja19vz8), room 0.009 at the  [Campus Vaihingen](https://www.uni-stuttgart.de/en/university/map/) of the University of Stuttgart. Campus Vaihingen is located between the city district of Vaihingen (easily reachable by bus) and the city center of Stuttgart (15 min away by suburban rail).

For those who wish to extend their stay in Stuttgart, we refer you to [Stuttgart Tourism](https://www.stuttgart-tourist.de/en). Besides, the [Cannstatter Volksfest](https://www.wasen.de/), a major event in the city of Stuttgart, will take place from September 27 to October 13.

## Dinner

The invited dinner will take place on September 25 at 19:00 in [Vaihinger Wirtshaus](https://www.google.fr/maps/place/Vaihinger+Wirtshaus/@48.7298222,9.1014506,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x4799dc50f8463f07:0xd17fb5b5a6ab8f0c!8m2!3d48.7298223!4d9.1063215!16s%2Fg%2F1tglxyy1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI0MDkxMC4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D).

> On September 24, we have plan an informal dinner (not included in the fee) for those who are already in Stuttgart. The dinner will be at 19:30 in [Bo's Burger & Bar](https://www.google.de/maps/place/Bo's+Burger+%26+Bar/@48.7697484,9.1562512,17z/data=!3m2!4b1!5s0x4799db4311297c17:0xdef035c815c3941e!4m6!3m5!1s0x4799db43113abf57:0x94ccf1f96d4ce86f!8m2!3d48.7697484!4d9.1588261!16s%2Fg%2F11hbgkkxvd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI0MDkxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On September 24, we have planned an informal dinner (not included in the registration fee) for those who are already in Stuttgart. The dinner will be at 19:30 in [Bo's Burger & Bar](https://g.co/kgs/A4qHXhV).
```
